[SYNTH-23450] Add JSON report output for `synthetics run-tests` (#2259)
DataDog/datadog-ci: packages/plugin-synthetics/README.md

* ENV variable: `DATADOG_SYNTHETICS_JUNIT_REPORT="e2e-test-junit.xml"`
* CLI param:`-j "e2e-test-junit.xml"` / `--jUnitReport "e2e-test-junit.xml"`

#### `jsonReport`

> The filename for a JSON report if you want to generate one. The JSON report contains the same final raw-results array shape used by CI integrations.

Author: ```suggestion
The filename for a JSON report of your test results if you want to generate one. The shape is [`synthetics.Result[]`][19].
```

where 19 is `https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/1fdad7a12a4c3e8cf5b2020d505e79c2e2d4517d/packages/plugin-synthetics/src/interfaces.ts#L223-L254`

1. `stdout`
2. JUnit
3. JSON

To enable the JUnit report, specify a filename for your JUnit report with `-j/--jUnitReport`.

```bash
yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests -s 'tag:e2e-tests' --config global-config.json --jUnitReport junit-report.xml
```

To enable the JSON report, specify a filename for your JSON report with `--jsonReport`.

```bash

> yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests -s 'tag:e2e-tests' --config global-config.json --jsonReport synthetics-results.json

Author: ```suggestion
yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests -s 'tag:e2e-tests' --config global-config.json --jsonReport test-results-report.json
```
